# Twitter-Bot-Detection

This project is in simple words social media purge, it will help twitter to purge all the bot accounts more efficiently and quick, in this universe of internet based life everything is at our tip of the finger, we can realize what is happening in our companion's life, what is happening in our preferred VIP life, what is happening in the nation. Be that as it may, everything on this planet has a few upsides and downsides, everything not completely or genuinely great, or in another way we can likewise utilize the colloquialism an excessive amount of is additionally risky, So Social media has a functioning impact in our general public now, the people made Social media and furthermore Social Media Bots. We chipped away at one explicit informal organization website that is Twitter. On Twitter likewise bots exist, only one out of every odd single motorized bot are damaging. 

Associations and newsrooms use bots to help disseminate substance and highlights. Others are fascinating or instructive. Regardless, ruinous bots infamous for tweeting more than once, being combative and precarious - have been a real issue in influencing the way wherein we think and the electronic life condition. Like when one symphony tor is giving orders of numerous bots, it appears to be an if a few people care about an issue, yet it's totally made. To forestall this sort of issue we built up a location program that could separate between genuine individual’s records and bots, by the assistance of Twitter API we gathered information and did intensive exploratory information investigation, at that point utilized various types of Machine Learning Algorithms to arrange and distinguish

# Problem Statement
Given a dataset of attributes of basic information of a user like screen name, followers count, friends count, verified, statuses count etc., along with the target variable, classify whether a certain existing username on twitter is a malicious bot or not and train a machine learning model to predict any new entry provided.
